We are from Russia.
Look at this, it is so funny.
Today, we're gonna hike Acha mountain.
I'm already tired.
Go down already?
Why don't we just drink some macgoelli and go home?
It's quite high here.
I like this feeling.
It's challenging...
Cold...
It's cold
The weather is nice.
Go! go!
Hey, are we at the top?
We're arrived!
It took one hour, a little more than one hour.
Time to eat!
What did you bring?
Cup noodles,
Kimchi,
Macgoelli,
Did you also bring coffee?
So cool
Tangerine,...
Ah, Kimbop!
You brought Kimbop too?
So awesome
Cold~
We need to drink some alcohol before it's getting colder.
Cheers! Let's celebrate our trip!
Yeah! Hiking needs Macgoelli!
So sweet!
Wah~!
Nothing can replace Macgoelli at the top of mountains.
I really didn't expect Sunjin would prepare so well like this.
Don't judge people by appearance~
Everything's prepared by Sungjin.
Hey, this is really good.
I don't know why it tastes much better here.
I'm Matt Lee, I'm not Minbo.
We Koreans eat Kimchi everywhere...
Delicious~
Coffee time~
You look really Russian.
Russian : Sibalomusuki
You're so mean~
Everyone, you gotta clean up whenever you eat something on the mountain.
There's a cat.
Come here~
It's really lazy.
Wow, here're lots of mountain birds.
Cool.
The best part I like is that this mountain's 5 minute distance from where people live.
You're lying.
I'm telling the truth.
The mountain is so beautiful, and the Han river is covered with beautiful white snow.
We didn't have to drive a car to come  to this place , I like that so much.
Why don't we go down?
Let's go and eat some food!
Okay, now we're going down, but to where?
That will be revealed in ep.2.
Uh? Where are we?
Gamjatang restaurant?
We're eating Gamjatang?
Let's get in!
Move! Move!